Add table aws_redshift_snapshot. closes #205 (#238)
turbot/steampipe-plugin-aws: docs/tables/aws_redshift_snapshot.md

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

# Table: aws_redshift_snapshot

Snapshots are point-in-time backups of a cluster. There are two types of snapshots: automated and manual. Amazon Redshift stores these snapshots internally in Amazon S3 by using an encrypted Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) connection.

## Examples

> ### Redshift snapshot basic info

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Basic info
```

```sql
select
  snapshot_identifier,
  cluster_identifier,
  node_type,
  encrypted
from
  aws_redshift_snapshot;
```

> ### List of all manual redshift snapshots

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### List of manual redshift snapshots
```

```sql
select
  snapshot_identifier,
  snapshot_type
from
  aws_redshift_snapshot
where
  snapshot_type = 'manual';
```

> ### List of snapshots which are not encrypted

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### List snapshots which are not encrypted
```

```sql
select
  snapshot_identifier,
  cluster_identifier,
  node_type,
  number_of_nodes,
  encrypted
from
  aws_redshift_snapshot
where
  not encrypted;
```

> ### Redshift Cluster info of each redshift snapshot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Get redshift cluster info of each redshift snapshot
```

```sql
select
  snapshot_identifier,
  cluster_identifier,
  number_of_nodes,
  cluster_version,
  engine_full_version,
  restorable_node_types
from
  aws_redshift_snapshot;
```

### List snapshots of respective clusters those are not in a VPC

```sql
select
  snapshot_identifier,
  cluster_identifier,
  node_type,
  vpc_id
from
  aws_redshift_snapshot
where
  vpc_id is null;
```

> ### List snapshots whose AWS customer accounts are not authorized

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### List of AWS accounts authorised to restore the snapshots
```

> ### list of accounts that are authorized to restore the snapshots

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### List accounts that are authorized to restore the snapshots
```

```sql
select
  snapshot_identifier,
  accounts_with_restore_access
from
  aws_redshift_snapshot
where
  accounts_with_restore_access is null;

> ```

Reviewer: Modify this to query the list of accounts that are authorised to restore the snapshots

Reviewer 2: can we query to see if any manual snapshot is shared with any account ? see here https://docs.aws.amazon.com/redshift/latest/mgmt/working-with-snapshots.html#working-with-snapshot-share-snapshot
